# Sprint meeting
Date: 11/15/2021
### Participants:
- Nathan Lee
- Anthony Villalba
- Ayushi Sharma
- Parsia Hedayat
- Presley Cheng
- Sik Sun
- Xiande(Martin) Zeng
- Zhenyi Chen

## Todo List
1. Agile-Team Status Video
2. Agile-Retrospective
3. Agile - Sprint Review Meetings

--------------
## Meeting notes
1. __Agile-Retrospective__
- Retrium website: https://app.retrium.com/team-room/2b360b01-f756-4e35-aaab-fd4874a233e9/history
- Everyone writes the answer for each retrospective question
- Going through all the questions and answers together

#### Problems:
i. Lack of participation during the meeting(silence)
- open mic/video

ii. Meeting agenda
- Teammleaders have announcement and plan before meeting
- Add more meetings per week for better communicatoin and update

iii. Communication between backend and frontend(voted)
- Create __update__ channel to post working process
- Reactions to read messages

#### Voted retrospective for reference:
- "We finished most of our html pages and settled our data storing as local. Everything seems like going to the right direction and becomes clearer." (4 votes)
- "Everyone is very busy, so it's difficult to align everyones schedules"(4 votes)
- "I would say communication across both the frontend and backend team needs to be better in terms of expectations from each other."(4 votes)
- "Meetings need to be more structured. An agenda might be helpful to keep us all on the same page."(4 votes)
- "Communication between the frontend and the backend is not very smooth."(3 votes)
- "Good, may need a little extra work this week to push out the functional parts of our code"(3 votes)

2. __Backend searching code__
- Dicussion on solutoin of unrefined searching

3. __Homepage__
- Each receipe has its own serial number on the html address
- Keep working on the CSS

4. Set the total receipe number as 1000 stored in local instead of 500.
