# Sprint Meeting Week 9

## Attendance
- Nathan
- Ayushi
- Jared
- Parsia
- Presley
- Sik
- Martin
- Zhenyi

## Assignments Due Soon
- Video was done
- Martin finished editing it
- Was a bit long with 4:50 
- ADR Assignment: Parsia and Ayushi talking about DOM issues
- CI/CD Pipeline: Nathan and Presley (will update everyone on Slack)
- Sprint Review and Retro: TBA on meeting date

## Front End Progress
- Lailah changed some colors on the pages
- Working on CSS
- All pages still need to finish CSS (recipe page is mostly done) 

## Back End Progress
- Found a way to store User added images to the recipe objects (DOM team)
- API stuff is done
  - could work more on search (but search currently works)  
- DOM stuff is basically done
- needs to work on storing user inputted images a bit better
- Moving onto unit testing
- Presley, Jared, Sik, Zhenyi possibly moving to back end (help out with testing)

## General Discussion
- Showed everyone current status of project (MVP)
- Discussion: Parsia, Martin, Zhenyi, Ayushi, Jared
