# Retrospective Meeting 2

## Attendance
- Nathan
- Ayushi
- Jared
- Anthony
- Sik
- Martin
- Presley

## Things that have been doing great
- Agendas for meeting have improved
- Participation has increased
- Update channel is a success and the emojis help
- CSS is done
- Bugs have been addressed quickly and efficiently
- Communication overall, especially between backend - frontend

## Things that need improvement
- needed to increase participation and questions when given the oppotunity (Sanat TA Meetings)
- assignments have been piling up but been done well and on time
- communication can still be better but has improved a lot
- some team members need to be more active and complete their workload more effciently

## What still needs to be done
- unit testing
- deployment
- linting
- code quality
- wiki
- additional functionality

## How everybody has been feeling about the meetings and time spent
- stress is high
- more meetings will help with finishing the project and issues on time
- need more participation and hands on deck for issues
- should try to split up according to issue at hand

## What we can do better as a team
- Mob coding
- better feedback and more often
- communciation between members
- more volunteers and active people who don't need to be told what to do
- finish up tasks
- reach out more often

## Action Items
- poll in general to assign tasks to members
- finish up project aspects
- return back to pair programming
- team members will proactively ask or try to reach out for help on slack or somehow
