# Sprint Meeting, Group 3

Attendance:
 * Nathan Lee
 * Anthony Villalba
 * Ayushi
 * Jared Levy
 * Presley Cheng
 * Sik Sun
 * Xiande Zeng
 * Zhenyi Chen

## Sprint Discussion
 * App is a lot simpler now
 * Still need to decide front-end design and formatting
 * Beware: PITCH TONIGHT
 * Start splitting into subteams
    * Message your desired partner within your respective team
 * Going to tonight's discussion:
    * Nathan
    * Parsia
    * Presley
    * Zhenyi
    * Jared
    * Ayushi
    * Xiande
    * Sik
  * Project statement updated

## Future Topics
 * CI/CD (GitHub Actions) (back-end)
 * Testing (back-end, primarily)
 * Set up subteam meetings (and a crossover)
