# CSE 110 Back-end Meeting 1

## (Pre-Sanat Meeting) Agenda
1. Subdivide team (into pairs)
2. Split work for back-end (what're the different parts we have to work on?)
3. Make sure to setup, or at the very _least_ discuss, the Architectural Design Record (ADR)
4. Assign tasks to each pair

## (Post-Sanat Meeting) Agenda
1. Add one thing to the ADR; decide general (or I guess look it up?) ADR format
2. Make sure to email Spoonacular to get institutional access to their API
3. Begin discussing CI/CD (very very very basic CI/CD. Just basic pipelining)
4. Begin setting up GitHub commit/merge docs and convention
5. Begin setting up general team docs? (Includes style guide)
6. Begin working and playing with whatever templates are done from front-end

* As a note: the main _design_ should be happening in the meeting; the actual coding and setup can happen in pairs/separately (with PRs for each big change, of course)

## Subdivide Teams
The teams should, currently, be split up as (GitHub CI/CD + Docs) and (API: Back-end <==> Front-end work).

* Pair 1: (Ayushi, Parsia)
* Pair 2: (Martin, Nathan)

## Split Work
1. DOM handler functions
	* [To be filled in later by Ayushi and Parsia]
3. What _specific_ functionalities do we need?
	* `search(query, intolerances, maxTime)`
		* `query` : string
			* Keyword of the title to look for
		* `intolerances` : list[string]
			* Ingredients/ingredient types that should not be included
		* `maxTime` : int
			* The maximum total time it should take to make the recipe
		* Search through Spoonacular's DB of recipes
	* `addRecipe(recipeInfo)`
		* `recipeInfo` : Object
			* A recipe object
		* Add a recipe to localstorage
	* `favorite(recipeId)`
		* `recipeId` : string | int
			* Some unique identifier of the recipe
		* Add some tag to a recipe to indicate it was favorited by the user
	* `getRecipe(recipeId)`
	* `setRecipe(recipeId, recipe)`
	* Other
		* The above functions are all based on API functionality specifically. We'll still need other functions, helper functions, for not only handling the data but altering the data in the back- and front-end
		* These functions (which will be mostly front-end related) will live in a separate extendable file. The idea is to make these functions (to reiterate: _front-end_) as modular as possible so that we can extend the use case of any of them to (almost) anywhere on the site
4. How do we want to interface with Spoonacular?
	* We could build either: a class specific to the API or a file of functions that are relevant to the API
		* My preference is for the latter
5. API Key handling
	* Security? Where is it stored? Can it be stored as plaintext in the script file or does it need to be somewhere safer?
	* How do we update the key if it expires? Better question: _does the API key from Spoonacular expire?_
	* Can we use a single API key for all the calls we want to make?
		* __ANSWER:__ Yes!
6. What the _hell_ is deployment in this case? Do I have to set up GCP for this god forsaken class?
7. What do we want our GitHub deployment "envs" to be? Probably Dev, Staging, Prod branches, or something else.
8. What kinds of and how much information does a commit message need?
9. What kinds of and how much information does a PR title need? Same but for the description?

## Action Items

1. DOM handler functions
2. API interface functions (data retrieval)

* Let's check-in on Saturday (11/13)
* Let's meet with front-end (their Wednesday (tomorrow) meeting?) to discuss DOM related stuff and convention
* GitHub CI/CD will be done using ___mob programming___
