# Backend Meeting 2

## Agenda

1. What did front-end talk about?
2. Present new/updated changes (API utils and DOM interaction)
3. Any blockers?
4. We have an API key!
5. What features are left?
6. For Sik: Do images have fixed dimensions?
7. Update action items

## Front-End Meeting

* IDs for back-end related elements, classes for front-end specific (so our stuff can remain how it is, up to whatever name changes we have to make)
* If a small edit in terms of adding IDs or changing names can be done directly by us (and is necessary), do it and just make sure to post something in the "Update" channel

## API Key!

X-RapidApi-Key : 6c38415312msh8fd80bab0f17271p1dcefajsn83892f0c646f

### What does this imply?

1. New endpoint: `https://spoonacular-recipe-food-nutrition-v1.p.rapidapi.com`
2. New headers:
    * 'x-rapidapi-host': 'spoonacular-recipe-food-nutrition-v1.p.rapidapi.com',
    'x-rapidapi-key': '6c38415312msh8fd80bab0f17271p1dcefajsn83892f0c646f'

## Features Left

1. Favoriting
   * Suppose a user favorites a recipe (i.e. clicks a button that triggers an event). The recipe object correlated with that recipe should get a new field in its dictionary called `favorite`.
   * With this in mind => `favorite` should be an existing field on object creation, i.e. when you guys make the recipe objects for loading into localStorage, add a boolean field called `favorite` that defaults to `false`.
   * The event that's triggered by clicking the "Favorite" button should change the value of `favorite` to `true`. 
   * When a user wants to see their favorited recipes, which is displayed on the search results page, we should go through and look for all recipes that have `favorite` set to `true`.
   * All user-created recipes should have `favorite` set to `true` by default.

2. Create Recipe Page
   * Suppose a user fills out the "Create Recipe" form and submits a new recipe. Then in the back-end, we should simply get all the form elements and create a recipe object, which would then be appended to localStorage. 
   * To deal with localStorage's storage capacity, when a user creates a recipe, we should remove the first recipe in localStorage that does _not_ have `favorite` set to `true`.
   * This functionality can be done by the DOM team directly, since the API team is dealing with results from Spoonacular directly

3. Search Results Page
   * Suppose a user enters a query into the search box and submits the "form". Then we should (quadratic) search localStorage for relevant recipes and return that list back to DOM.
   * The recipe cards of the recipes in that list will then be displayed, with the option to filter the list even more.
   * ___We definitely need to discuss filtering more___

4. Home Page
   * Nothing really left for us to do, we wait only on front-end to make more finalized changes to it.

## For Sik: Do images have fixed dimensions?

All the same dimensions: 312 x 231 px

## Action Items

1. API key testing
2. Discuss with the whole team: filtering
3. API Util team: continue your work on search and start favorites work, make a `pushUserRecipeToLs()`. Pick something as the ID (read: key) of user created recipes
4. DOM team: Search recipe page, Create recipe page (adding event listeners, populating the page)
5. Discuss ___testing___ with the whole team; begin putting together a testing team (this task isn't necessarily specific to back-end, but we can get the ball rolling)
